welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
hi everyone and welcome back to a fresh
episode of
sam's business growth show i'm delighted
to be joined by kate
lewis today kate's the ceo and
co-founder at e4 enable
and she's also the five on friday one of
the uk coaches
kate's been in technology sales for over
20 years now
most of which in leadership roles her
experience goes from zero employee
startups to multinational plc's
first startup was when digital marketing
wasn't even
a thing so it's using fax machines and
snail mail outs
e4 enable was driven from kate's passion
for sales coaching development
built with the frustration of how
organizing organization-wide efforts
fell
a half-hazard and a non-existent in the
first place
kate a very warm welcome how are you
doing i'm all right thanks sam
good to be on excellent good stuff so
looking forward to chatting with you
today
um as always we'd love to know a little
bit of your background okay it's a bit
more about kind of where you grew up
some of the key businesses you've worked
at and if we could sneak in a few
actionable tips along the way be it a
sales tip marketing tip or just business
in general typically learn and then
we'll jump into learning a bit more
about
your own business how you've built that
up and some of the recommended
strategies you've got for gaining your
pipeline gain new customers be it
digital or be it offline
um but if we could start with learning a
bit more about yourself and your
background
that'd be awesome yeah cool um okay so
i'm a plastic scouser
if you don't know what a plastic scouser
is i'm from the world so the other side
of the mersey
born and bred and sometimes when i've
had a few my accent slips back into my
scalp
but
so um i started my career
accidentally i think like most people in
sales um
in in fujitsu actually at the time i
applied for a logistics role well it was
icl at the time i applied for logistics
and they
they wrote back to me and went nah you
don't want to do logistics you want to
do sales and i just at the time went
okay um and so
joined the grad program um
worked worked there for for a couple of
years traveled the world
to get that out of my system nice was
that whilst selling or
no no i decided after a couple of years
at fujitsu to
to quit and just get that out of my
system because i'd always wanted to
travel
so um never be afraid to do that i think
it gives you some real life experiences
and uh and and sets you on your way
something chronic
um i then i then ran
um a business with uh with my brother
and family for for ten years and i
exited that when uh when i had kids just
to go my own way
okay what was the business doing kate so
so this is this is what takes me back to
those facts and snail mail days
so the business started out as an
e-commerce development organization
and web design company right so we're
talking in 1999 this is me showing my
age now
um so this was pretty this this was pre
everybody kind of
having a website e-commerce was just
kind of just taking off
and we were specializing in some small
organizations getting them
on their journey to web and then
throughout that journey migrated into
the nhs and doing tracking and online
systems for the nhs
which eventually took emsoff to the
journey of doing
would you believe it blood tracking and
sample tracking
throughout the nhs there's some really
serious stuff in hospitals
um and and is still doing very well in
that today
so yeah it was uh it was a great 10
years i
i did so much in that 10 years sales and
marketing
gosh running support and dev teams doing
the selling
managing the selling all manner of
things as you would expect in a startup
at that stage
okay that's interesting yeah especially
being the same arena that i'm in so
started as kind of websites e-commerce
and then progressed to
getting clients like the nhs yeah and
moving on to stuff like blood tracking
so was that just the case of the demand
came in so
you picked up these clients and then
they kind of said like look we need help
with these systems and then it moved on
to that stuff or
yeah i think i think actually that
marries to something i've learned
all the way and something i learned then
um and that's just being really
interested in your clients and when
you're really interested in a topic and
you're really interested in solving the
challenges
that takes you on a natural journey so i
was
i was interested in in taking people
online
okay and that obviously started with
having conversations with
car dealerships and local restaurants
and other organizations like that but
that passion of how you do that and the
journey you take
ended up working with nhs trusts
and local authorities on how they make
their journey
to to taking advantage of what what
online
and the internet could do for them um
and and so that that real interest in
your customer in your pro
their problems was was just a massive
lesson for me
got it got it and is that just in terms
of when you say being interested okay is
that just having good conversations
asking the right kind of questions just
to to understand how the business works
what they're actually interested in in
terms of their own goals from uh from a
business perspective
and where they want to get to sales and
revenue-wise and that kind of stuff or
is it something a bit different
i think it's twofold i'd summarize
everything you've just talked about
in into the word curiosity okay
being genuinely curious and and not
afraid to go why do you do that
and and if that doesn't happen what else
happens and does that happen every time
or is there occasionally when that
doesn't you know just genuinely
a natural curiosity for elements
and then if you can find a passion with
what you sell and how you know and how
you
solve those challenges that you uncover
all those goals and alignment and it
doesn't matter whether you're selling
bricks or you're selling postcode
software
or or tracking systems or e-commerce
websites
it's about understanding
from your curiosity how much that means
to the customers you're talking to
and if you can make that connection and
make it internally
then you can drive the passion for what
you're selling and those two things
coupled together show genuine like
genuinely show to your clients
and they'll as much buy into you as they
will into your product your solution
your company
got it awesome no that makes perfect
sense and
so we talked about on your intro that
we're using some traditional techniques
so faxes
snail mail and stuff like that is that
is that how you're requiring clients for
for that company
yeah we used to do fax outs so
like lots of you'll know kind of mass
mailings
we used to take a really targeted
audience and and do something like you
know there might be a local authority
that was doing a
a grant for for helping people get
online or do something digital
or there might be a case study or
something and we would literally do
an automated facts out through companies
and if they were interested they'd fax
back
and even though we were doing you know
e-commerce and websites and everything
that was the communication because it
was the way that our clients were
communicating with us because they
hadn't yet taken that step into that
journey so
again just a really interesting way of
doing things but
um i haven't seen sight nor sound of a
fax machine for many years now
no that's it okay and then that went on
for about 10 years and then did you say
the business got acquired or got sold
yeah no i exited the business so the
business is still still running i exited
the business because i was at the time i
had my second child and decided to go
and do something different
so i launched out of um a
uh a very small kind of niche company
into then a very big company so i then
went into experian
um so
big global player with again a whole lot
more to learn in terms of the
differences in in bootstrapping and
running things yourself and doing lots
of
lots of things into running into a
multi-departmental
global paper
processes red tape departments all of
that kind of complexity that came with
that new role
were there skills that you could
transfer that you picked up from running
your own business for 10 years or so
that you could move into
a massive giant-like experience yeah i
think probably self-sufficiency
and that curiosity and passion bringing
that to it
but that's self-sufficiency not ever
expecting to be spoon-fed
or have somebody else do it for you
and that can be a little bit of a
blessing and a curse because in some
ways you have to wait for somebody else
to do it for you in a large organization
but just getting on with it um was was a
huge benefit i think to moving into that
that avenue yeah got it and was it
mainly sales you were doing experiments
at a sales based role management based
role
yeah sales and then management yeah got
it
okay and um are there any tips you could
share for people tuning in in terms of
what you picked up
from from that side of things in terms
of perhaps perhaps on sales management
is that something we sometimes like to
cover
um in terms of lessons learned or
unusual strategies that you've found
have been quite useful to be able to
manage sales teams as we know
it's not always easy to to manage sales
people as they can have a mix of
kind of high egos or they can be
difficult to tame and all this
all these kind of cliches we know around
sales reps yeah absolutely
i guess the first thing i would say is
don't don't always think that you have a
linear path into management
so you know i'd run a company for 10
years and
and recognize to move into a larger
organization i needed to do something
differently so i stepped back into
direct
frontline sales and then was able to
rapidly move forward into management
because i was able to kind of use my
skills so
it isn't a linear path in into
management
um at all um
the the second aspect i would say on on
the management
is it's not for everybody it is not the
be all and end all of what you think
your next career step would be
um and that sort of falls into one of
your questions there sandwiches like we
all know that sales people can
be challenging you have to want a
passion for developing and tapping into
everybody's individual goals
what drives them you know overcome help
them
it you have to realize and go from a
quota bearing role when it's all about
you
to a management role where it has to be
all about them and to be successful so
you've got to want to do that and you've
got to have that kind of passion and
drive in you
and again it's not for everybody so so
be aware of that when you're moving into
that role did you
yeah just on that point kate so i've
talked to some people they've had
different ways of motivating their team
um so for example we had morgan ingram
on a while ago and he said that he would
speak to reps
and he'd actually say look how do you
like to take feedback do you like me to
be direct
or do you like me to be a bit softer and
kind of give you more long-term goals or
different different ways of talking to
different people so you'd actually
understand how they'd like to take
feedback be it negative or positive
and then work with that on that way or
did you did you have your own ways of
dealing with each person or did you have
certain strategies to give people
feedback or to
if they weren't on target for example to
put them up or to give them a motivation
boost and that kind of stuff
yeah my first thing would be you know
one size does not fit all
gosh that's a fundamental thing in terms
of motivating
so for me it was all about finding out
what motivates each individual
um and that is is then how you tap into
that conversation because if
everything comes back to what is it that
you want to achieve not what i want you
to achieve
you know my targets are pushed on you
that's that just saying that you've got
to hit a target
is not not what's going to motivate you
to do so
understanding why you want to hit that
target what's in it for you what's
important for you
is unbelievably important for me
certainly it's always been my style if i
can tap into that then that's the
journey the path that will take for each
individual and almost the feedback
drives off that
now yes their personality comes into it
i found with some people i can have
really blunt conversations
like i need to tell you how you're
perceived in this business
because it's impacting your ability to
get to where you want to be
and your why and your goal yeah and
and you may not be aware of that because
too many people before you haven't even
cared enough to go
into that level of detail versus others
that you can just go
you know i know you want to achieve that
so i'm just going to feed that beast
and and they'll go for it so it's
you know peel back the layers to
understand the why and don't listen to
the first
why people get taught to
regurgitate what they think they ought
to say
you know my wires i want to buy a rolex
by the end of the year
okay what why is that important to you
what does that make you feel
if you fast forward to a year and you
got that rolex
how would that make you feel is there
something driving that behavior is it
something you've always wanted
because more often than not you'll find
that people just say what the person
next to them has talked about or what
they think
sales people ought to be sure and
we've got to realize that sales people
come in all shapes and sizes and
different things motivate them and
motivation by money or big shiny objects
is not
actually for everybody you know it might
be for others that they've got something
to prove
or that they're you know they're
self-driven they're competitive with
themselves or they just want to be
unbelievably proud of what they've
achieved or they want a career move
yeah it sounds like just digging a
little deeper really not not taking
everything for face value and then just
getting
getting to the kind of root of why they
want it that's that's a great point
never really thought of that
like that okay it's interesting in sales
we get taught
all the time to probe our clients or
prospects
for what their problems are to really
look at the implications and ask loads
of questions
but very rarely do we get taught to do
that with with people in our team
or or how we coach people and i'd say
the same
type of skills that curiosity and that
passion is is just as well uh
sort of bought into uh into coaching and
sales management
as it is into sales itself great stuff
okay so after experian was it ncc group
was that that
yeah i took my my leap into the world of
security
um and that is fascinating and that's
something you can get
massively massively uh curious about
um interesting world for salespeople
because
you know you're selling to massively
um brilliant subject matter experts so
so you have to know enough about what
you're selling you have to be
curious enough but you also have to know
that you're worlds apart from the person
you're talking to in terms of their
knowledge about their subject matter
um and so that teaches you to delve into
kind of like the
the questioning areas really really
really uniquely i think in that
okay so this was this was was it a new
sector for you security
at the time yeah i mean from experian
you get
an opening to it because data security
is hugely important
um from that perspective so the the the
kind of data confidentiality aspects
but it but the gosh the technical
aspects of it
was was new to me it's a huge learning
curve loved it
yeah it sounds well above my head i mean
in terms of that side of things if
someone
tuning in is thinking of going into a
new industry or they have just started a
new industry that cat
is perhaps very technical or there's a
lot to it or something they don't quite
understand
how have you got any tips okay on how
they can break into it and how they can
perhaps not sound like they're an
amateur or something with their
prospects is it just about asking more
questions or
is it about asking the right questions
or something a bit different
um again comes back to curiosity and and
not being embarrassed
i see too many sales people sit in a
room and just think oh gosh i should
know that acronym
so i'm not going to ask you much better
you won't sound stupid if you just say i
don't sorry can somebody just explain to
me what that means
i'm not quite sure um you know i spent
ages just
when i first joined um thinking pci
what's pci mean what's
now google is a wonderful thing
obviously you can google it but i just
should have asked in the first instance
so so there's that but also rely on the
people around you gosh learning from
your peers learning from your pre-sales
you know they are brilliant and i'm
generally more than happy to spend time
explaining things running through things
letting you shadow them
and that's where i picked up so much of
mine both you know from ncc and then i
went when i went into a vector
just sitting within them and asking
loads of questions and being that
annoying person that just
was wanting to dig deeper into what they
were talking about
great yeah great piece of advice i mean
one of the one of the reasons i started
this show so i can learn from everyone
that comes on share that with the
audience
pick up plenty of tips on sales business
growth and digital marketing along the
way
so if you've got that within your
organization you've got people that
already know the stuff
that are already doing well be it in
sales being leadership whatever might as
well
mirror them or get the info from them
that makes perfect sense
okay so the next step was a vector
before we and then we had beyond trust
after that um
so kind of moving forward a little bit
faster
are there any any more experiences
before we talk about e4 enable kate
before we shoot onto that are there any
um
any more experiences that worth us
discussing be it lessons learned in
sales or marketing or business channel
before we
go on to your current go yeah i mean
culture is a huge thing for me and i
think
um avecto was one of those organizations
that just had
an awesome culture you know it it had
the space to allow their salespeople to
grow it was supportive
it had a a an understanding that
things can take time even though there's
obviously pressures on the number
um and and really tapped into um
believing in and buying into their sales
people
so so put put an enormous amount behind
that and and
i would pick culture probably over
market
over anything any day when i was
selecting an organization to go work for
i think that's my biggest lesson that i
would say and something that you know i
just loved
every single minute of of kind of my
effect beyond trust journey
okay so why do you think culture is is
so important just something we've not
talked about too much on the show just
yet
why do i think culture well it again it
taps into your own personal motivation
um it's somewhere where you know you
spend an enormous amount of time at work
and we can't all do you know wake up one
morning and do the thing we're
passionate about
and you know swim with whales every day
because that's what we've always wanted
to do as a child it's not
something that is available to everybody
and so the second to that is the culture
the people the organization you surround
yourself with
and understanding enough about yourself
and understanding the type of culture
that you want to be surrounded by
it enables people to grow and accelerate
their growth
and it is a massive acceleration factor
so if you if you can get that alignment
right
then then the world's your oyster in
terms of that organization because it
will really fuel you
got it is that something you tried to
put in place for your own company
in terms of things absolutely
absolutely and a lot again that i
learned in you know in my days of
beyond trust you know leading with
coaching
leading with um a coaching culture
being being realistic about expectations
on people
um listening to the whole person not
just thinking they're a number
all of those things are hugely important
to us
great stuff okay well let's let's move
on let's talk a bit more about your
current company now e4 enable uh kate
share with us a bit more about why you
decided to take the leap
and go off on your own and start your
own company and um talk us through kind
of how it was setting up and if it was
easy if it was a smooth ride or if it
was quite a tricky
tricky thing to take the leap yeah okay
um so it was
again it was born out of a passion i've
got so i'm passionate about coaching
passion about a development culture
um passionate about you know moving
forward and not
sales people not just being a number the
problem is that's really really hard to
do
at an organizational wide level you'll
find
individuals will will coach they'll
coach in different ways they'll coach to
different things
um when you invest massive amounts in
training
you know is there a structured coaching
program that sits off the back of that
are you able to drive the results you're
looking for
it's just a myriad of spreadsheets and
word documents and emails and
finger in the air hope and a prayer um
and and that's always massively
frustrating and i've been on the
personal end of that frustration you
know i've delivered training and then
thought
right what happens next nobody's
actually taking this forward what
how are we going to change that um and i
couldn't find something that suited
myself and suited what i would well i
dearly want
so um the only option available to me
was to create it and again it was
something that i was hugely passionate
about so
everything that you know went into
here's what i would want as a as a
senior sales leader as a bp
to to drive a culture of coaching and
accountability
uh and performance improvement across my
business
so ethere and abel was born
essentially great stuff okay look at
that
yeah so it sounds like something you
kind of saw a gap and you also
it's kind of like scratching your own
itch it sounds like the pain that was
there
and making it happen from that
absolutely absolutely
and and you know we we took the leap um
but but in a very bootstrap way so um
you know the platform was in development
and in beta for a year before i
like took the leap and and went full
time into it
um and then and then from there it's
it's really been
growing the the brand growing the
awareness for the brands
utilizing digital marketing social media
digital channels to
to kind of get the message out there
um all in the wake of a global pandemic
which has been super
um didn't plan for that so that's a
lesson
lesson in crisis management um
and and and how to react with that but
um
pragmatism has played a huge part in
that um
but but you know for me it's just all
the way along the belief and the passion
in again making a difference to my
clients being really
curious about what they're doing and how
we can help them on their journey
um and and in in doing so that bleeds
into
you know the people in the team that
we've taken on board
as we've built the business out over the
last kind of 12 months
so great stuff and glad to hear is is
going well so
in terms of starting kate did you have a
list of clients ready to rock and roll
and were you kind of building something
up on the side whilst was it was going
on or did you go in
fresh and think i'm just going to hit it
from the ground running and
try and generate draining business this
way or did you have kind of a plan
before you went all in
we had a couple of beta clients um again
that were organizations we knew
okay um that that were very aligned to
kind of my way of thinking and they were
able to beat her it
before before i then went lock stock and
barrel so learned a lot through that
process
um and then you know that that
realization that
everybody needs this and that just that
real belief
um fueled then you know me driving in
and then i don't think if i look back
we didn't have a list of potential
prospects and clients but we did have a
very very clear identified
customer profile so we we knew our
buying center
we knew what a perfect customer would be
we knew the challenges
that would would be looked at from
different lenses within that
organization whether you were talking
somebody from sales enablement sales
training a senior sales leader an sdr
leader somebody in sales ops
we had a very clear picture of each of
those
kind of personas and like say the
organizational
um perfect fit and and in doing that we
were then able to craft
how we went to market to target each of
those
both personas with the right messaging
but also the organizations
great okay so you sorted out your idle
customer profile you nailed that down a
tree it sounds like
nailed it so how did you go about
targeting them how have you gone about
generating pipeline
and perhaps you could talk us through
some of the offline strategies that have
worked for you and perhaps some of the
the digital ones as well kate that
you've had success with
yeah absolutely we have a very blended
approach um
so in terms of brand awareness linkedin
and social media is a huge one
you know um i wouldn't say i have a
personal brand
per se but but i've always been very
vocal
around coaching enablements you know and
a different way to lead salespeople um
and i'm i've
voiced that on linkedin i've got
involved with various things whether
it's doing podcasts whether it's doing
five on friday because that really
marriage it
sort of marries to my ethos of coaching
and development
so it was around kind of evangelizing
the message
without talking any features whatsoever
of of our platform as a technical
platform it was all about the challenges
we solve
uh and and getting into that common way
of thinking of our client
and triggering a reaction so so social
media and brand awareness there
uh digital marketing we've done a blend
of paid for advertising so
so again super targeted
so looking again at that buying persona
at the type of things that they're
interested in
even the type of groups people follow
and understanding that that that will
trigger the right
you know the right response and
interaction so very very targeted
with the right media uh and and interest
to create those inbound
um strategies like linkedin ads or
facebook ads or google ads or a mix
perhaps
yeah link linkedin and google um
linkedin they're at an earlier stage of
their cycle because it might be that
they're just
they see the white paper and think
that's interesting
google they're a little bit further down
the lead cycle
because they're saying i am looking for
this and that's where they start seeing
those so we we see a slight difference
across the both the size and the impact
of the
of maturity of those leads
but let's say we do google we do
linkedin um
and have quite a targeted strategy on
linkedin
um and then we've done email as well so
again targeted
email outreach um we started
pre pre-covered we put we put a pause on
that
um actually and and have changed our our
focus because
at the beginning of covered we were then
or before just before the beginning
covered we we then blended that with an
outbound program through some sdr's
all right so so that meant that we could
be much more personalized in our
outreach rather than looking at kind of
mass
sequence standardized email um which
is it has mixed results
sure and is there one channel kate that
you'd say is giving you the best success
in terms of
opportunities in terms of leads yeah i'd
probably say the blend
the blend between the linkedin
very targeted uh ads but with a very
um good follow-up from our
sdr team to to tailor that and qualify
and take them to the next stage of that
journey
yeah can you give us a quick snapshot of
what your
follow-up process is once a lead comes
in from linkedin that's just a quick
idea because i know we can talk about
quite well yeah yeah absolutely so um
our call to action on linkedin is
generally to download a white paper that
white paper is very
you know linkedin if you like to our way
of thinking and generally is something
around
sales competencies or or leading and lag
indicators
um and some of the research that we're
able to uh to produce from our platform
um within within 24 hours they'll
they'll have a follow-up from an sdr but
not on a
we're trying to sell you something very
much on what piqued your interest
you know we're interested to be on this
journey what what else can we help you
with along that journey
um and then ultimately that will be go
into a
a kind of cadence that will or a
sequence
not of an automated email but of a keep
in touch contact
to make sure that we're aligning to the
buyer's journey
where they are in their in their kind of
cycle versus where we want them to be
and that's a clear distinction i would
say got it
got it now that's that's interesting not
not many guests that we've had on have
actually
mentioned linkedin ads and we had we had
it mentioned a long time ago so it's
good to hear that it is
it's something it is a channel that's
that's working well for you
and um also on the white paper side of
things so i think
sometimes they they can be kind of real
good opportunities and others like you
say they could be
lower down in the buying cycle they need
to be worked a bit more nurtured and
distributed absolutely and but it gives
you the opportunity to start building a
relationship
really all in that cycle and start
influencing
the outcomes you know the last thing
that you want to do
is be invited into an rfp just
you're way too late but if you can be
influencing the thought process
of what goes into that rfp three or six
months
earlier you actually start influencing
the way people are thinking and
the things they think must be in the rfp
so i'd much rather be
on a journey with our prospects and
understanding what they're trying to
achieve and map to their process
than i would to try to squeeze them down
a standardized funnel
that's interesting and did you say the
cadences or the emails follow-ups that
you send them
are more personalized rather than kind
of templates there
yeah they're not they're not templated
yeah they're not templated we've been
down that route
it it doesn't look pretty i would say
and you end up with you know multiple
people in the same organization getting
just a very
samey uh outlook so i'd much prefer them
to be
personalized not to the extent where
everybody's spending
three hours researching to get one email
at the door that's crazy
but you can you can create a hyper
personalized approach
in five minutes by looking at just
just having your key things that you're
looking out for
within something and if you can't keep
it really brief
sure makes sense get to the point yep
cool all right okay we'll learn you know
become some good ground so far
for anyone that is tuning in that is
thinking of going out on their own that
wants to to start their own business
or their own company have you got any
words of wisdom or any golden nuts or
nuggets of advice that might help them
in their early days yeah keep the goal
in mind but run
every day as its own day
don't get hit by by the ups and downs on
a daily basis otherwise you'll go stir
crazy
you know keep that belief in play
seek feedback and seek feedback
consistently and constantly
i would say and and don't be afraid to
go where your journey takes you rather
than you know having it i will not
deviate from this path
would be some of my the things i've
picked up perhaps along my career
yeah sure that's that's some good tips
and when you say feedback do you mean
from your customers your clients
or from your team or both everything
everywhere you can get it good clients
yeah client
absolutely prospects hugely um
you know i i'll get feedback from my
sdr's as much as i will from my
co-founders or board members
um as much as i will from from you know
colleagues and mentors that i've had
in in previous roles so yeah
definitely cool and before we wrap
things up kate let's talk a little bit
about five on friday
so for anyone that's not heard of that
yet can you give us a quick snapshot of
what that's about
how it helps and maybe a few things that
you've learned or that other people have
learned from from you guys doing that
yeah absolutely so five on friday um was
built by an and
a concept by the us um and they wanted
to bring it over to uh
to the uk um because it's been hugely
successful out there and give the
opportunity
to really coach and develop sales people
um
and and hone their skills and give a
kind of safe place
where they can access training and
coaching without
it costing anything or without you know
you know perhaps their organization
being in a position where they can put
this on
so um i've got my kind of co-hosts
cottus and alex um and we will have
guest coaches on um as we go but but
we've seen some great you know
sdrs from people who are three weeks
into the role and already looking
to seek feedback and grow and develop
right the way through to people who've
been doing it for a couple of years and
we've got some people coming on in the
future
that have been doing it longer than that
um so it's just a really
good opportunity to get different
perspectives
but it's something that you know we
are really passionate about which is
which has given the opportunity
for people to learn and grow great
incentive yeah really really good how
can people
if if anyone's tuning in that's
interested in having that coaching how
can they
get in touch okay or how can they apply
to go on five and four
yeah so you can reach out you know just
send um me
costas or alex a a message via linkedin
um go to the five on friday linkedin
page
uh or go to five on friday dot live to
to apply via the website
sweet okay and okay is there one thing
that people or businesses should be
doing with digital marketing
that is going to help them generate more
pipeline from today
for me it's about being targeted and
getting your audience right
you know digital marketing is is
absolutely fantastic but
know your audience and craft content and
approaches
that your audience want to consume and
will resonate with
rather than a scatter can approach um
would be probably my biggest piece of
learning that i've worked through love
that yeah targeting is very very
important indeed
well i've already been tuning into sam's
business growth show where we sit down
business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story how
digital marketing has helped along the
way and their exclusive tips and
insights to help you
scar yourselves and your business kate
would like to ask everyone that comes on
if you could thank just one person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself
and your career who would that be and
why
my dad would be the person
that i would label that he
always taught me that you don't have to
have the glory
it's you can you can help and support
others to achieve their glory
and and that's as rewarding as achieving
itself
really like that awesome okay tell us a
bit more about your company
and the best way people can get in touch
with yourself and how they can learn
from you and connect with you
yeah absolutely thank you e4 able is a
technology platform that helps
organizations define
develop and measure what good looks like
so define the right sales competencies
develop them from onboarding through
training through coaching
through mentoring and then measure the
leading indicators that that's impacting
so that you've got a clear roi
um they can reach us at
www.efrainable.com
on linkedin ifrin able twitter at ifran
able or just reach out to me directly
awesome thank you so much everyone if
you've enjoyed the show please do
subscribe on app podcast youtube
spotify wherever you catch your podcast
we interview tons of business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe so feel free to
subscribe we'll end the show there thank
you very much kate
are you tired of constantly hunting for
new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because
your website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts